TRIDENT-18118 - Migrate legacy actions and enrichments (#2991)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/cse/administration/create-cse-actions.md

This topic has instructions for configuring Cloud SIEM Actions.

:::caution

> Cloud SIEM Actions are deprecated. Use the Automation Service instead for actions. See [Migrate from legacy actions and enrichments to the Automation Service](/docs/cse/automation-service/automation-service-automations#migrate-from-legacy-actions-and-enrichments-to-the-automation-service).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud SIEM Actions have been deprecated. Instead, use the Automation Service. For more information, see [Migrate from legacy actions and enrichments to the Automation Service](/docs/cse/automation-service/automation-service-automations#migrate-from-legacy-actions-and-enrichments-to-the-automation-service).
```
